V2/examples and readme (#70)
castai/audit-logs-receiver: auditlogsreceiver/v2/README.md

CAST AI Audit Logs V2 Receiver (Alpha)
=================

> > **Status: Alpha** — This receiver is under active development and intended for early testing with friendly users. It is not production-ready and may change. The v1 receiver (`castai_audit_logs`) remains the supported version.

Reviewer: maybe:
```suggestion
> **Status: Alpha** — This receiver is under active development and intended for early testing with friendly users. It is not production-ready and we may introduce breaking changes. The v1 receiver (`castai_audit_logs`) remains the supported version.
```

This receiver polls the CAST AI Audit API v2 and maps audit events to OpenTelemetry log records. It is built as a separate package in the same repository, and both v1 and v2 receivers can be included in the same collector binary.

Compared to v1, the v2 receiver supports:

> - The richer v2 audit event schema (hierarchical `domain.resource.action` event types, actor and resource entities, severity model, correlation IDs, labels)

Reviewer: nitpick, as `... v2 receiver supports: The richer v2 audit event schema ...` reads weirdly:

```suggestion
- Richer event schema (hierarchical `domain.resource.action` event types, actor and resource entities, severity model, correlation IDs, labels)
```

| `api.timeout` | duration | `30s` | HTTP client timeout |
| `poll_interval` | duration | `10s` | Interval between poll cycles |
| `page_limit` | int | `100` | Max records per API page (1–250) |
| `lookback` | duration | `0s` | On first run (no checkpoint), fetch events from this far back. If omitted, starts from the current time. |
| `checkpoint_file` | string | *(empty)* | Path to checkpoint file. Empty = in-memory (lost on restart). Set to a file path for persistent checkpointing. |
| `filters.search` | string | *(empty)* | Full-text search query |
| `filters.clusters` | []string | *(empty)* | Filter by cluster IDs |
| `filters.domains` | []string | *(empty)* | Filter by event domains (e.g. `autoscaler`, `workload`) |
| `filters.resources` | []string | *(empty)* | Filter by event resources (e.g. `node`, `pod`) |
| `filters.actions` | []string | *(empty)* | Filter by event actions (e.g. `created`, `deleted`) |
| `filters.sources` | []string | *(empty)* | Filter by event sources |
| `filters.severity` | []string | *(empty)* | Filter by severity (`info`, `warn`, `error`) |

Example:
```yaml
receivers:
  castai_audit_logs_v2:
    api:

>       url: ${env:CASTAI_API_URL}

Reviewer: did you consider to make this default to `https://api.cast.ai`?

Author: You mean default to "https://api.cast.ai" if a value is not provided? That is how it works!

`CreateDefaultConfig` in auditlogsreceiver/v2/config.go:62 sets `API.URL` to  `defaultAPIURL` (https://api.cast.ai). The OTel framework calls this function to produce the default config, then applies the user's YAML on top.
